[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to the Beyond Belief.
And it's my privilege
to introduce you
to Jean-Charles Moyen, a former
French air force parachute
commando, who is
also an ET contactee.
And he had a very
unique experience
in his youth that gave him
extra sensory capabilities.
Jean-Charles, welcome
to the program.
>>JEAN-CHARLES MOYEN: Thank
you to receive me at your show.
>>NOORY: Tell us
a little bit more
about yourself and
your background.
>>MOYEN: My background is,
I'm a producer and director
of a different movie for a
different company in the world.
And I decide with my
abilities to explain myself,
my story, unique story about
my alien-contact encounters
during my life and my special
abilities after this abduction.
>>NOORY: This alien contact
that happened to you,
when did this happen?
>>MOYEN: It happened
when I was four.
I was with my parents
in the summer.
I was playing in the sand.
And suddenly, my mother raise
her head and I had disappeared.
And my parents were panicked.
>>NOORY: Oh, my God.
>>MOYEN: And they decided to
search me with a live guard.
And after one hour,
they don't find me.
And my parents cry.
And suddenly, I reappear
in front of my parents.
>>NOORY: Were you abducted?
>>MOYEN: Yes, I was.
>>NOORY: Do you have
any recollection,
at four years old,
what happened to you?
>>MOYEN: Yes.
After that, I explained
to my parents--
I was in the spaceship.
And I met a lot of
species, different.
And I walk in the corridor and--
>>NOORY: At four years old,
did they hurt you at all?
>>MOYEN: No, no,
no, not hurt me.
Everything was very
good, very kind with me.
I remember, I stand on the
table, in a metal table.
It was a-- liquid
metal intelligent.
And when I move, it follow my--
>>NOORY: It flowed with you.
>>MOYEN: Yes, exactly.
And there were
other four beings,
like beings, in front of me
and behind and in my side.
And they check
something in my head.
>>NOORY: Jean-Charles,
did this contactee case
happen over and over again
or was it just one time?
>>MOYEN: Not just one time.
It's happening a lot
of times after that.
Because after my first
abduction, on the beach,
I developed something
very strange abilities,
like my interaction with
the electricity and energy.
When I'm crying
like other child,
everything was shut down.
>>NOORY: And what
did your parents
say when you finally came back?
>>MOYEN: Nothing, they were--
>>NOORY: Nothing?
>>MOYEN: No, they were
very happy they found me.
And at this moment, they
don't connect the link
with the abduction.
For my parents it was,
OK, we found our son.
And it's, OK.
But after that, there was
witness of my abilities,
like telekinesis, something
move with my mind.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>MOYEN: And they
realize, oh, my God, there
is a connection with the
abduction on the beach.
>>NOORY: This is
truly remarkable.
In an English-dubbed version
of Jean-Charles film,
his parents explained that
he actually disappeared,
as he mentioned, for an hour.
>>MOYEN'S MOTHER: I was
completely desperate.
>>MOYEN'S FATHER: I
think, we've made it
so that we don't pay attention
until we can beam you up.
And your mother said to
me, where is Jean-Charles?
What do you mean?
Oh, he's gone.
You were next to us
playing in the sand.
>>MOYEN'S MOTHER: You were
crouching in the water
at the water's edge.
And then, I remember you
were playing in the sand.
And you had your
shovel and your bucket.
Then suddenly, I turned
around, no more kid, that's it.
And we ran around, of course,
by interviewing all the people.
You didn't see a
little, blond boy
with curls with a little,
blue bathing suit and a hat?
And it lasted one
hour, one hour of time.
Then we did the beach
from side to side.
And then, I was
completely destroyed.
You have to understand that.
And suddenly, you were there
crouching again next to us
as if nothing had
happened, unbelievable.
We didn't understand
what happened.
We didn't try to understand.
We never thought about
anything else, you were gone.
We didn't ask the question,
what was happening?
because we were very
happy to have found you.
And then, we always asked
ourselves the question
for years, what happened?
>>NOORY: That's remarkable
testimony of your parents.
>>MOYEN: Yes, my
parents is alive.
And they are 81.
And I'm very grateful for
that they can testimony.
All I live in my life
during all entire my life,
they can testimony, because
they were with me each time.
>>NOORY: What did they
think about this episode?
I mean, are they in shock still?
>>MOYEN: No, my parents have
open mind since I was a child.
And each time I
describe something,
there is the proof, evidence,
in front of my parents.
So it was normal.
They know I'm different.
So they keep the secret around
us, because at this moment,
there is a 45 years.
Imagine, the people
judge everything.
They can think you're crazy
or go to the psychiatric.
And this is the reason why
they keep the secret about me.
>>NOORY: Jean-Charles, this
happened when you were four?
>>MOYEN: Yes.
>>NOORY: But then, something
happened at the age of 13,
what was that?
>>MOYEN: In the
summer camp, I had
a big sunstroke over my head.
And I was hospitalized.
And during my hospitalization,
they do an X-ray of my brain.
And they discover it was
like a Tic-tac capsule metal
in my brain.
So it was very special.
And at this moment,
they put me a mask
with a green gaze for me.
And I lost consciousness.
And I woke up in the night
with another military guys--
white haired, blue eyes.
And he tell me, hurry up, I
don't want to miss the jump.
At this moment, I
don't understand
what he say about the jump.
So I follow these guys, in a
big corridor, in the hospital.
We take an elevator--
>>NOORY: And you're
still 13, right?
>>MOYEN: Yes, 13.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>MOYEN: And we
take an elevator.
And we go down,
go down, go down.
And I say in myself, my God,
it's very deep for a hospital.
And I'm stressed.
And when I'm stressed, my
interaction with the light
starts.
And the light pulsating
and shut down.
>>NOORY: From you?
>>MOYEN: Yes, and we are
in the dark, in a elevator.
So the military guys
tell me, keep cool.
Everything is, OK.
Don't be afraid.
And the light's on.
We arrive on the
basement of the hospital.
And we enter in a big hanger.
And there is a lot of
children with a white suit.
And he tells me,
go to this table.
There is a table with a woman.
She tells me, put your
hand in this little box.
It's for analyzing
your DNA signature.
I put my hand.
And after that, I feel
a heat in my hand and--
>>NOORY: No pain, no?
>>MOYEN: No pain.
And she give me a
suit, a black suit,
with an emblem on my chest.
It was a horse wing,
like a Pegasus.
And she tell me,
go to this line--
with other child,
go to this light.
And there is a
big hole of light.
And I enter inside.
And when I enter inside, I
feel tingling into my body.
And when I open my eyes,
I was in another hanger
with a lot of children.
They separate girls and boys.
And they test our fear--
many failed, but not me.
>>NOORY: Not you.
>>MOYEN: The guys, military
guys, and the X-ray doctor
tell me, come.
Go to this room, a shadow room.
I go inside.
And inside, I feel
something-- not a fear
but something very
strange in front of me.
And in a shadow, get
out a big mantis.
She put his paw in my shoulder
and communicate telepathically
with me and tell me,
everything is, OK.
You have been chosen.
And I wake up--
>>NOORY: Just like that.
>>MOYEN: --on my
bed in hospital.
>>NOORY: Like you
didn't go anywhere?
>>MOYEN: Yeah, and I say,
oh, my God, what's happening?
And I lost consciousness again.
And suddenly, I wake up
with a big horn of car.
[BEEP]
>>NOORY: You were
outside of the hospital?
>>MOYEN: I don't
remember how I outside.
>>NOORY: How did you get there?
>>MOYEN: Yes, exactly.
So I was in the bus to
go in the summer camp.
>>NOORY: It's frightening.
>>MOYEN: Yeah.
But after that, when I came
back to the summer camp--
I'm 13, so I explained to my
little friend what's happening.
They treat me like you're
crazy and blah, blah, blah.
I was very, very, very sad.
So I decide, when
every boy is sleeping,
I get up with the
chalet where I was.
And I sat down on the field.
And I say to myself--
and I look up the stars--
come and get me.
I can't stay here anymore.
And at this moment,
a star moving.
And the star
transformed to a disk.
And I was abducted again.
>>NOORY: Again?
>>MOYEN: Again, and when I
came into the spaceship--
and at this moment, there is a
blonde woman in a silver suit--
>>NOORY: Human?
>>MOYEN: Humans with
a big, blue eyes.
She tells me, hello,
my name is Maria.
But everybody call
me Mary, follow me.
And I follow this woman in a
big, big corridor, very bright.
And we saw the space view.
And we arrive in
like a school room.
And there is a lot of children.
>>NOORY: Your age?
>>MOYEN: Yes, my age.
>>NOORY: Older or younger?
>>MOYEN: But there
was different faces.
They were all extraterrestrial.
And she tells me, go to this
place, to another children.
>>NOORY: Are you
scared at this point?
>>MOYEN: No, no,
I wasn't scared.
I was oh, my God, I'm lucky.
And I was very happy to be
at this moment at this place.
>>NOORY: We've got some
video of you, Jean-Charles,
performing telekinesis
at home at 16 years old.
Let's watch it and
describe what's going on.
Tell us what we're seeing.
>>MOYEN: Just thinking,
I open the light
and shut down the light.
It was easy for me.
It was--
>>NOORY: That's you?
>>MOYEN: Yes, it's
me at 16, yeah.
You know, when I touch my head--
it was so easy.
And like the drawer, I put
my hand in front of me.
And I say, come to me,
come to me, come to me.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>MOYEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: You still have
these abilities Jean?
>>MOYEN: No.
>>NOORY: They're gone?
>>MOYEN: I don't
think it's gone.
Maybe it's sleeping.
But each time something happen
now, it's when I'm stressed.
Or when I'm tired,
something shut down.
I hope everything is, OK.
>>NOORY: Yeah, don't
shut down my studio.
Tell us about
teleportation and you.
>>MOYEN: My first
teleportation was accidental.
I was in a school
during an exam.
And I raised my hand because
I want to go to the toilet,
and nobody answered me.
And I realized every people
in this class was frozen.
So I decide to go to the toilet.
And when I enter
to the toilet, it
was the two floor, no windows.
It's like four wall.
And I closed the door.
And there is timer for
the light at this moment.
It's very old school.
And suddenly, I was in a
toilet and the light shut down.
>>NOORY: Again?
>>MOYEN: Again, and I was dizzy.
And I feel tingling in
a fraction of second.
And I opened my eyes.
I was in the dark, OK.
And I saw the button.
And I found another button.
I don't know why.
I opened the light.
I was in the toilet but
not the same toilet.
I was on the toilet of the
apartment of my parents
in a few, few kilometers
of the school.
Every stuff was
still on the table--
my coat, my ID card,
my keys, everything.
So my parents tell
me, what's happening?
And I explain.
Oh, my God, we must
lie to the director.
Then she called the
director-- and aah,
my son was sick and blah, blah,
blah-- and invent something.
>>NOORY: Made up a story.
>>MOYEN: But the
guardian of the school
must open the door lock inside
with no windows and no janitor
inside.
So it's impossible.
It was really
teleportation, physically.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
>>MOYEN: The first
time, the second time--
because there was second time.
I want to teleport myself.
I was on the ninth floor
of a building in Paris.
>>NOORY: How old are
you at this point?
>>MOYEN: 18.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>MOYEN: I had the picture of
my girlfriend at this moment.
And I say, I'd do anything to
be with her, with my girlfriend.
So at this moment, I
feel a heat around me--
a tingling and dizzy.
And when I open my
eyes, I was in the front
of the door of the
apartment of my girlfriend
in a few, few, few
kilometers, again.
And she don't understand
what's happening.
And I take the phone.
I call my mother.
She called my dad.
My dad was in the
job, what's happening?
Jean-Charles disappear.
What do you mean?
Everything is here-- the
shoes, the IDs, the keys.
And oh, my God, it's
a teleportation.
And we have an alarm.
And the door was locked inside.
And we have three keys--
for my mother, my
father, and me.
So it's another teleportation,
really teleportation.
And my dad and my mom
witnessed it again.
>>NOORY: What can you tell us
about the particle accelerator
at CERN?
>>MOYEN: The CERN work,
there is the many,
many years about the Hadron
Collider to unofficially
to open the gate--
>>NOORY: Portals?
>>MOYEN: Yeah, portals.
I don't know why they play God.
It's very dangerous,
because like the series,
"Stranger Things,"
they can open a portal
and something bad can
get out of these portals.
So during this events,
some citizen in Switzerland
declared there is
a light striking--
purple in the sky.
And every city was shut down.
And there is something very
strange, the reality change.
And everywhere, it's not normal
what's happening in the world
right now and
during three years.
So I think, the CERN open
another reality like--
>>NOORY: You might be right.
>>MOYEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: What can you tell
us about the French space
program, Jean-Charles?
>>MOYEN: I would be a fight
instructor in the Commando
Parachutiste.
And during my service,
I have a big accident,
over my shoulder was a--
>>NOORY: You tore your shoulder.
>>MOYEN: Yeah, exactly.
And I was a--
hospitalization in a
French military hospital.
And when I was in this
hospital, something very strange
started happening again.
>>NOORY: What happened?
>>MOYEN: I met a guy.
And the doctor tell,
don't talk with this guy.
OK, I talk with this guy.
>>NOORY: Did he tell you why
you shouldn't talk to them?
>>MOYEN: Because they're
the psychiatric department.
I say, OK.
But when I take a walk
and I meet the guy,
he tells me a story,
very, very, very creepy.
He tell me each night,
they saw a military
take to the
stretcher and go down
to the basement of the hospital.
They follow us.
And they discover
the elevator open.
And there were beings, reptilian
beings, waiting for the guys.
>>NOORY: Like they
were expecting them?
>>MOYEN: He tell me that.
And I say, oh, it's
not a crazy story.
It's a, yes--
>>NOORY: And you witnessed this?
>>MOYEN: I'm not witnesses
of the reptiloid.
But the next day,
I asked the doctor,
where is this guys
because they disappeared--
the guys, the military
guys, disappeared?
And he told me, it's
not your business.
Go to your room.
>>NOORY: Oh, wow.
>>MOYEN: And I say--
>>NOORY: You stumbled
into something?
>>MOYEN: Yeah.
And in this night,
I decide to go down.
And I run in the
face of a guard.
And he tell me,
why are you here?
Oh, it's a wrong--
sorry, it's a mistake.
>>NOORY: Was it an
alien space force?
>>MOYEN: No, the
guard, the guard
was just a guard
in the hospital.
But after that, I
decide to go down again.
And I see the same scene
but it was a tall gray--
reception, the stretcher
into the elevator.
You know it's a weird situation.
>>NOORY: These
are all strangers,
seeing all these different
beings and people like that.
>>MOYEN: Yes, exactly.
>>NOORY: Did you ever ask
yourself, Jean-Charles,
why you?
>>MOYEN: Why me?
uh-um, because I have
a special brainwave in my head.
And I found this proof with
the investigation about myself
with the scientist.
Her name is Dan Winter.
Dan Winter is a big scientist.
He searched--
>>NOORY: He's a physicist.
>>MOYEN: Physicist,
yes, exactly.
And he spent 51 years to study
the brain of the special person
with the abilities,
like a child can
read a book without her eyes,
like in a "Superhuman" show
with Carolyn Cory.
And the same device
used for me to analyze
what's happening when I'm
trying to teleport myself.
And Dan put me this
device in my head.
And I trying to teleport.
And it's not working.
But the computer
recalled everything
happening in my brainwave.
And when they analyze the
folder with my brainwave,
it tells it never
seen that before.
Every brainwave, gamma
brainwave, my gamma brainwave
was out of the charts.
They must reduce the
graphic, because it was--
>>NOORY: Off the charts.
>>MOYEN: --off the
chart, exactly.
This is maybe the
reason why I was
recruited for the
secret space program,
because I have this abilities.
>>NOORY: Did you ever
expect the secret program
to exist before
you knew about it?
>>MOYEN: I think this program
exists since a lot of decades
before.
There isn't one
secret space program.
There is a lot of programs.
>>NOORY: Many of them.
>>MOYEN: Yes, a lot of
country work in secret.
And the government
don't know this.
It's not the government.
It's a lot of things
parallel to the government.
>>NOORY: Well, you mentioned
Physicist Dan Winter
and Biologist Pat Botte
explaining the science
behind your extraordinary
brain activity, let's look.
>>DAN WINTER: We
knew intuitively
that the physics had to
be similar to what we've
been working on, which is that
when the harmonics in the aura
are implosive or compressive,
so the aura becomes
very dense at the center.
And what enabled them
is the less coherent,
transverse electromagnetic
due to the squeezing implosive
process through the
Planck threshold.
What emerges is what's called
longitudinal EMF coherence,
sometimes called scalar,
torsional, Vril, bar
from the cow, or the Cezanne
body-- many names for that.
But it's actually a coherent
longitudinal field array,
which is embeddable.
So the physics had to be that
Jean-Charles psychometric,
his brainwave and
his breath, had
to enter a certain
harmonic series
to in fact become
centripetal and implosive.
Of course, Patrick and I
have spent our lifetime
documenting what that is.
And so we introduced
Jean-Charles to Patrick.
And Patrick spent amazing
time working on this together.
>>PATRICK BOTTE: So we will
arrive at the first part here.
You see the
brainwaves are very--
I have to decrease a lot,
the size of the brainwave,
because when you get this
states, it was awful.
It was going out of the screen.
So that's the reason
why now, for the moment,
you don't see anything
on the screen.
And then we arrive at the--
>>WINTER: Yeah.
Then it's off the charts.
>>BOTTE: --and as Dan mentioned,
a marvelous alpha peak
but very, very big alpha peak.
And, on the left brain,
he stopped for a while
and start again after a while.
This is the second receiving
period, which is coming now.
>>WINTER: Yeah, I think--
a huge flash.
>>BOTTE: Again, the same thing.
But very, very big brain wave.
And it's almost the same
thing that we have with kids,
who can see without their eyes.
>>WINTER: So the spine liquid
pump triggers that moment when
the ventricles actually
drain and there's that--
the ventricle horde
mechanism of Kundalini.
And that's on the left there at
around two cycles per minute.
And then, further
right, around six cycles
per minute, which
is about 0.1 hertz,
there's the major
white peak, which
is brain infrasound,
but not the red peak.
But, in some cases, we see both.
But the point is, the drama
of this new release of flame
in mind, the brain
infrasound, right along
with the heart
infrasound, it shows
the heart-brain
connection directly.
It's amazing.
Congratulations, Patrick.
>>NOORY: Truly remarkable,
Jean-Charles, remarkable.
>>MOYEN: I'm so grateful.
Because sometimes
people say, OK,
if you have an
extraordinary life,
you must have
extraordinary proof.
>>NOORY: Correct.
>>MOYEN: And I understand
why these people say that.
And I have all this.
I have witnesses.
I have scientific proof.
I have photography for that.
I have my parents can testimony.
And it's all in the package.
>>NOORY: You're the real deal.
>>MOYEN: And I'm very,
very, very grateful
to have this evidence with me.
>>NOORY: What conclusions have
been drawn from your tests
about you?
>>MOYEN: The conclusion
is, I'm special,
like everyone is special.
>>NOORY: You always were.
>>MOYEN: Yeah.
But there is the--
it's not-- I don't
say I'm special, me.
This is a scientist say that.
They pass his life to test the
brain of a monk in Tibetan.
He tell me the Tibetan wave,
I have the same Tibetan wave,
but very huge.
And it's scientist's proof.
And I don't know what
to say about that.
It's evidence.
>>NOORY: How easy is it for
you, Jean-Charles, to teleport?
>>MOYEN: It's not easy because,
now, I can't do the same thing,
but something happen.
When I want to go in
the place, I dream.
And people remember
me at this place.
But we never talk about
this the next day.
>>NOORY: It's like you went,
but you don't remember?
>>MOYEN: Me, I remember.
>>NOORY: You do remember.
>>MOYEN: Yeah.
I remember.
When I was young, I was
drawing a secret tunnel
under the Sphinx and under
the pyramid of Keops.
And there is one month they
discover now the secret tunnel
under the Sphinx.
>>NOORY: That's right.
Which you knew about
a long time ago?
>>MOYEN: It was a
45 years before.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>MOYEN: And I have
the proof because I
have a diary when I was
young and I write everything.
I was in the center
of the Earth,
and I describe a dinosaur,
and the fruits very huge.
And many, many,
many years later,
I discovered the bird
with the description
in a book of a
travel into Earth.
>>NOORY: The center
of the Earth.
>>MOYEN: And it
describes the same thing.
But I was 10 when I
describe the same thing.
It's not in my
imagination, it's real.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
As you look back,
since you were four--
>>MOYEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: --what can you say
about what has happened to you?
Are you glad?
>>MOYEN: Yes, I'm glad.
>>NOORY: No regrets?
>>MOYEN: No regrets.
No.
>>NOORY: What have you learned?
>>MOYEN: It's a
difficult question.
What I learn?
Everything.
The love is the
key of the universe
and the exchange with
different beings in my life.
And I'm glad for
this experience.
I'm very, very
grateful for that.
And I don't regret it, never.
>>NOORY: Excellent.
Your experience with the Greys--
>>MOYEN: Yes.
>>NOORY: --and the other ETs--
>>NOORY: --do they come
around at this point today?
>>MOYEN: It's a long
story to explain.
But I met the Greys
in my life in real 3D.
It's very important to clarify
because some people have
experience in astral
travel, but not me.
Like Men in Black.
I met the Men in Black in front
of me real in this real life--
>>NOORY: The real Men in Black.
>>MOYEN: --with my parents too.
There is a lot of
things to explain.
And we don't have enough time
to explain all my life because I
have many, many, many things.
>>NOORY: These things just keep
happening to you, don't they?
>>MOYEN: Yes.
Yes.
>>NOORY: Have you
ever been threatened?
>>MOYEN: Yes.
>>NOORY: Why?
>>MOYEN: When I was 20
years, I was in my job.
And the Men in Black
came into my job
and asked me to work for them.
And I say no because
they know my abilities.
>>NOORY: Were they human?
>>MOYEN: Yes, humans.
Black suit, black ties,
and black glasses.
It's like a "Men in Black"
the movie, but it's real.
And I have a witness at this
moment who worked with me.
>>NOORY: Do you know
how dangerous things
could have been for you
when you turned them down?
They could have killed you.
>>MOYEN: Yes, but
[LAUGHS] I guess
they don't want to kill me
because they want to use maybe
something inside of me.
But I trust to the universe.
>>NOORY: How many
people are like you,
Jean-Charles, on this
planet, human beings who
have been contacted and have
these abilities since they
were children?
How many?
>>MOYEN: I don't know.
I never met before something
with a story like mine,
with a witness, with
a scientific proof,
with a real
confrontation, with--
>>NOORY: Whose parents have
verified what happened to you.
>>MOYEN: Exactly, with directed
energy weapon against me,
with--
maybe he exists,
someone with a story.
But, at 54 years old now,
I don't met a same person
with the same story.
>>NOORY: Have they taken you
to another planetary system?
>>MOYEN: Me?
>>NOORY: Yeah, off planet.
>>MOYEN: Yes.
[LAUGHS] When I was young.
>>NOORY: You still remember it.
>>MOYEN: Yes.
It's another part.
When I was young and
I sleep in my bed.
When I wake up, I
said to my parents,
oh, I was in the Bahamas.
Oh, yes.
And I have between my toes
and between a button of my bed
white sands.
And I was tanned in my face.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>MOYEN: And I live in the ninth
floor in the middle of Paris.
The next time my dad
realized I can move.
We call this, I
move, in my dream.
And he tell me, why
don't you do too far?
And I say, what do you mean?
And he tell me, another planet.
And I decide to be
a state like, OK, I
want to get out very, very,
very, very far in the universe.
And I wake up.
>>NOORY: And you were.
>>MOYEN: And I
was in my pajamas.
>>NOORY: How old are you?
>>MOYEN: I was 10.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>MOYEN: OK?
And I was in another planet.
And the called name Antares.
And I was in the front
of different beings,
cat people, feline
beings, and it was insane.
And there is a
crystal into a river.
The river was blood.
And I remember that and--
>>NOORY: Literally blood?
Literally blood?
>>MOYEN: Yes.
And I wake up.
And I say, oh my God.
Maybe the next time I
can bring something.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MOYEN: I'm a kid.
Everything is possible
when you are a kid.
>>NOORY: Did you take anything?
>>MOYEN: So I decide to take
a bag, a backpack with me,
and sleep with my backpack.
I'm a kid.
Like I say, everything
is possible.
So I sleep.
And I wake up in the
same planet with my bag
on my shoulder with my pajamas.
And I say, oh, it's curious.
How can I say, I'm
dreaming, when I'm dreaming?
And I take the bottle.
I had put a bottle, an
empty bottle in plastic.
And I decide to fill the
bottle with the crystal inside
and close the
bottle and continue
my journey in this planet.
I wake up.
And when I wake up, I
search my bag, and no bag.
And I say, OK, it
was a lucid dream.
>>NOORY: They took it.
>>MOYEN: But my bag is
on bottom of my bed.
I take my bag, and
I check my bag.
And flock, flock.
I open my bag.
And, inside, there
was the bottle
with the red water with
the crystal inside.
>>NOORY: Inside.
>>MOYEN: I go to the kitchen
and I say to my parents,
tonight I was at the same place.
And my parents say, OK,
do you bring something?
And I say, yes.
And I put the
bottle on the table.
And my father and my dad--
my mother and my dad were--
>>NOORY: In shock.
>>MOYEN: Oh my God.
It was another proof.
All proof I bring, everything
disappeared in a few days
after.
But my dad was very bright.
[LAUGHS] He take a
photo of each times
I bring something very strange.
And, in my movie,
about my life--
>>NOORY: What's the
name of your movie?
>>MOYEN: "Revelation
Starseed 2."
>>NOORY: And how
do people see this?
>>MOYEN: Yes, in a Vimeo.
Vimeo.com, yeah.
You can find me to
the JCMoyen.com.
>>NOORY: M-O-Y-E-N.
>>MOYEN: Yes.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>MOYEN: M-O-Y-E-N. And this
movie is everything we spoke
together with all proof
inside, with a witness,
with a scientific proof, with
the photograph, and everything.
Everything is inside.
And my dad kept this
photo during many decades.
And when I start my movie,
he tells me, OK, son, this
is our gift.
Your mother and me decided to
speak into your documentary.
And I say, oh my
God, are you sure?
No blurred face?
No blurred face.
I'm proud of you.
>>NOORY: Jean-Charles, thank you
for being on "Beyond Belief."
Truly a remarkable individual.
From age four to
where he is today,
he has had these extraordinary
contacts with those
from other planetary systems.
Remarkable.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]